Cereal Dedication addon pack (vanilla advancement + criteria)	v1.11.1
this description was made for v1.6:
for Blaze&Cave's Advancement Pack complete with vanilla xp an appropriate reward and a special trophy.
and a super dupper hidden advancement with rewards if you have a specific item from before Minecraft 1.3.1

Note: The advancement(s) will not count for the normal and team scoreboard but it is counted for first advancement, just like hidden advancements.

It is easy for Cave to implement it in the official pack, like just do 
				and add it to the normal and team update scoreboards and trophy grant functions as well as milestones and advancement legend
				and remove # in the rewards function.
It is co-op compatible as said already.
Complete catalogue rewards function was key to everything, now also good luck getting this one. Also Edge of the Jungle helped for V1.5.0
Version 1.3 fixes the "broken" rewards of Release 1.2.0, the updated function was accidentaly put into the item rewards file
	making it still behave like the older versions and not giving out item (since overwritten) and experience reward and only 
		thousand of chat messages and multiple stacks of trophies
Version 1.4 now has better compatibility with the Better Advancements mod, see changelog bacap 1.15.1 Update
Version 1.5 now has a legacy advancement just like Edge of the Jungle is, but the item carries over from older versions
Version 1.6 now adds Terralith Advancement Legend (hidden) and Hardcore Advancement Legend with the new Cereal Dedication Hardcore pack (not hidden)
			the advancement Cereal Dedication is needed for both of these advancements alongside Terralithic if you use that pack as well
			also time to make the ultimate combo move with Alpha Slab, Edge of the Jungle from Edge of The Jungle Edition, Hardcore and Terralith
			both mentally and physically and also making everything compatible (and maybe add both traveller's map advancements somehow)


MUST ALWAYS RUN install function
		/function blazeandcave:cereal_install
when updating datapacks, preferably while not being logged in.
NEW in V1.5.0 !!!!!
		/function blazeandcave:install
is an universal bacap expansion pack installer, for all the currently released expansions, 
like Hardcore, Terralith, Amplified Nether, Nullscape, Torture Edition, Torture Hardcore Edition
and of course (the best one ever) Cereal Dedication Edition
IF Cave implements this function in his base pack, this install function will be renamed and a 1.5.X version will be released. OR 1.6.0 ?
1.5.X is the format going forward, well most likely, unless the original pack adds new stuff, only then maybe.
Also resource pack versions and data versions will be updated if there is a compatibility issue.
And of course new language files will also get the V1.5.X treatement.


credits:

player head was designed by Stridey from Vanilla Tweaks and was last available in More Mob Heads v2.5.2 for 1.15.2
it is the redisgned one which was only available like a month before 1.16 which removed the Zombie Pigman from the game.
R.I.P. Zombie Pigman
player heads for HAL and TAL are both from Cavinator1 and the playerhead data from namemc skin copy playerhead

color for trophy name and lore was suggested by WeeAngus (only for Cereal)
:vindicator:

Translators:
Credited on the Planetminecraft page and in the language resource pack files

